earth America Indiana Hawkins a growing
patriotic community and a shining
example of the American dream
today Hawkins is taking another step
into the future with the brand-new star
court mall families friends and of
course
teenagers can come together to shop hang
out
and enjoy with retail options for every
member of the family including the gap
Walden and Sam Goody star court wall has
it all and don't forget a
state-of-the-art food court just
escalator right away
featuring America's favorite place to
cool down scoops a whole ice cream shop
[Music]
ahoy star court ball is one of the
finest shopping facilities in America
and beyond so come on down and remember
star court mall has it all star court is
an all-american subsidiary of star Kord
industries and international enterprise
you